welcome to the metagame with Owney black
mage and we're back with more batman
arkham asylum this time we're going to
be starting on the caves
now I'm going to be entering the caves
from a traditional bat cave entrance
which you can get to by our kameez you
know going through or zone yeah
intensive treatment go by there and as
traditional scene in which you can still
go down which time it dies down the clip
and you know scoots into the cave so
starting from where you would normally
exit once you get the ultra back lock go
ahead and lie down to the ILO stop elope
jump down to the lowest bass paypal
pick out your zip line
scoot right across
as user inch of this cave there's a
couple places you can go vs obviously
can exit at very highest perch but if
you actually go towards a place of
opposite a little bit further about the
cave what you're going to go on is a
lower perch and you're going to see to
your lower right is going to be a small
flip out setting that you can go ahead
and land on the inside the bushes there
is a very lonely Riddler trophy we get
back is ziplining career when going
through the cave as normal so you're not
stuck really never snuck actually even
if they gave me a Superstock
just like that crazy psychedelic scared
for acid trip where you know reversed
roles thought it was the beginning the
game in your games freezing I thought
that was great love that so wrapping up
the tub now
I think remarkable here so just going to
go ahead and continue on leaving the
kind of bat cave outer area we're going
to enter these sewers now I have to say
add up this area which was you know the
main sewer junction and also the
elevator shaft and intensive treatment
and the old run-down ruined area and
botanical garden I eight of those
sections so as we exit through to the
sewer we're going to see immediately to
our right is a first of our core
particles and not too far from there we
can take out our zip line cut across is
you know infinite drop here and grab her
atrophic
right here make it on base to the store
from here you can just look up back then
you're going to see a section of the sea
when you go ahead and tear down
grapple up you're going to see a small
River trophy tucked away
running up
in a TV dead I guess custodian or
whatever some poor guy has to be sterile
next to a killer croc audio tape but I
actually got kinda most boring at a ball
of it come on fire from hammer on top is
also a marker for another brother drove
me location rapidly the other
ventilation shaft we're going to go
ahead and open this door over here that
leads to killer croc's little layer this
is normally closed throughout the
majority of story about so till you're
ready to take on Killer Croc not going
to be able to answer here as you walk in
you're immediately greeted by a trio of
T so going to smash those up
and before you start zipping around the
sequins you flip up to be an essential
water collects here now
root and grappling out another brother
trophy
right now we're ready to go down this
very long and otherwise boring sewer
make our life much easier it is the zip
line
making our way to a very secluded office
want to do this bolted door here and
tell her I'd really hate to be the guy
who stationed here and all we give her
this very roundabout trip is single
audio recording not much I know but it's
not too bad against the speed run our
way out
you
immediately across
but jump down you see immediately across
the toward left is going to give up with
the trophy this is the phone over there
and grab it
I'm going to take the expressway out
ok as we can see you back on to old
sewer right back here
you see a trio of teeth start
two
and Ray
turn around
let me see a section while you can blow
up or in my case grapple that once I'd
like be more dramatic that way
grab a trophy we'll be back for part two